Fix link in CONTRIBUTING.md (#55)
NixOS/nixpkgs-check-by-name: CONTRIBUTING.md

Pinned dependencies are [regularly updated automatically](./.github/workflows/update.yml).

> Releases are [automatically created](./.github/scripts/release.sh) when the `version` field in [`Cargo.toml`](./Cargo.toml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Releases are [automatically created](./.github/workflows/after-release.yml) when the `version` field in [`Cargo.toml`](./Cargo.toml)
```

Reviewer: Oh I see that you intentionally changed it to `scripts/release.sh`. I think pointing to the workflow is better, since that's what causes the script to run automatically (the script by itself could also be run manually).

Author: I thought `main.yml` caused release.sh to run?

Reviewer: Oh damn you're right! I take it back, `release.sh` seems much better to point to now :laughing:

Author: Lol I clicked auto-merge and it merged it before we could fix it back.

Reviewer: Opened https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs-check-by-name/pull/57 to fix this
